Supermodel Li Xiaoya has a baby
The first show of his comeback after quitting the modeling industry
a complete success
I can't find any evidence for 5 years
Why is that?
Oh, why?
Why can't I find any evidence?
Salsa
Maybe your dad was really chasing sheep by accident
That's not possible.
My dad is so cautious
How could it be so careless?
It must be Li Xiaoyao
But we can't even find your father's teacher and mother
We don't even have evidence
You go to him
Lure him into falling in love with you
Then you escape
They may have tried to hurt me
Shanshan
Stop fooling around
How does it hurt to wake up like this?
Aren't you a detective?
Why don't you have any skills?
Five years.
In order to find evidence of murdering my father
And inherit his inheritance
If you can't do either of these things
What's the point of being alive?
Shanshan
You calm down
I promise you.
I'll go but I don't know him at all
How can I gain his trust?
He takes his daughter to the children's playground every week
You just go to him and get close to him
You have to believe
This world
Things you can't do without money
123 Mom, have you hidden it?
Don't peek
Xiaonuo
Xiaonuo Xiaonuo
Don't scare mom
What about Xiaonuo's phone?
What about the phone?
What's up?